We mainly used OptB88vdW method for our calculations, but we also carryout local density approximation (LDA) and generalized gradient approximation with Perdew-Burke-Ernzerhof (GGA-PBE)-based calculations for benchmarking purposes. OptB88vdW functional, has been shown to gives accurate lattice parameters for both van der Waals (vdW) and non-vdW solids. The exchange-correlation energy within vdW-DF is given by: 
E_xc=E_x^GGA+E_c^LDA+E_c^NL                                                                                                           
where E_x^GGA is the exchange energy within the generalized gradient approximation (GGA) and E_c^LDA is the correlation energy within the local-density approximation (LDA). The nonlocal correlation energy is given by: 
E_c^NL=1/2 ∬▒〖drdr^' n(r)ф(d,d^' )n(r^' ) 〗                                                                                            
where ф  is a kernel function, d=q_0 (r)|r-r^' | and d'=q_0 (r')|r-r^' |. The q0 is a function of n(r) and |∇n(r)|, and it is proportional to the gradient corrected LDA exchange-correlation energy per electron. This function controls the behavior of E_c^NL in the slowly varying as well as nonuniform density regions. It is noted that the use of the LDA correlation is motivated by the fact that E_c^NLvanishes in the uniform electron gas limit, and to avoid the possible double counting of the gradient correction contained in E_c^NL. Hence, the vdW-DF-optB88 is an example of the truly nonlocal-correlation functionals in the vdW-DF-method for approximating the vdW forces in regular DFT.
TBmBJ potential is used as a meta-GGA method for better predicting the bandgaps and dielectric function of a material. The TBmBJ potential is given by:
                                                                                    
where c is a system-dependent parameter, with c = 1 corresponding to the Becke-Roussel (BR) potential , which was originally proposed to mimic the Slater potential, the Coulomb potential corresponding to the exact exchange hole. For bulk crystalline materials, Tran and Blaha proposed to determine c by the following empirical relation:
                                                                                                     
With  ,   Å1/2 and Vcell is the volume of the unit cell. The c-parameter was automatically determined in VASP through a self-consistent run.
