We use the Monkhorst-Pack scheme to generate k-points, but after the generation, the grid is shifted so that one of the k-points lies on the Г-point. Here a “k-points line density” (L) is defined, which is related to the reciprocal lattice vectors by:
 ,  ,  ,                             
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                  
 Where  are the reciprocal lattice vectors, and    their norms.
We included the gamma-point because we were interested in computing quantities that require gamma-point contribution, such as optical transition for our optoelectronic database, gamma-point phonons for our elastic properties, finding multiferroic materials which have negative phonons at the gamma-point. The k-points are continuously stored in memory, to check that each of the new k-points generated by equation is unique. The k-points line density starts from length 0, with Г-point being the only k-point and is increased by 5 Å at each successive iteration if the difference between the energy computed with the new k-points and the one computed with previous k-points is more than the tolerance. After the convergence with a particular tolerance, we compute five extra points to further ensure the convergence. This procedure is repeated until convergence is found for all 5 extra points. A similar convergence procedure is carried out for the plane wave cut-off until the energy difference between successive iterations is less than the tolerance for 6 successive points. The plane wave cut-off is increased by 50 eV each time, starting from 500 eV. In both convergence procedures, we perform only single step electronic relaxation, i.e. no ionic relaxation is considered. When starting the cut-off energy convergence, we used a minimal k-point length of 10 Å. Similarly, for the k-point convergence we started with a cut-off of 500 eV. Note that complete ionic and electronic relaxation for determining converged parameters might be needed for very sophisticated calculation (such as Raman intensity calculation), but those calculations are beyond the scope of this work. 
The plane wave cutoff is converged using the same procedure as for the 3D bulk materials. In this work, we used Gaussian smearing (with 0.01 eV parameter) which is recommended by several DFT codes, because it is less sensitive than other methods to determine partial occupancies for each orbital. This leads to an easier DFT-SCF convergence, especially when the materials are not apriori known to be a metal or insulator, which is always the case in this work. However, it is to be emphasized that, in principle, k-points and smearing parameters should be converged together, but this requires a very computationally expensive workflow. For this reason, we choose to converge k-points and cut-off only. 
In addition to the above convergence procedure, we further increase the cut-off by 30% for elastic, dielectric and electric field gradient, piezoelectric tensors as the volume and shape of the material may change during the distortions.
